how are you guys like there is a so
it 's bothering me right because I'm
recording do not touch me what do you think
like some others not because surely
any
and what I wanted to say is that today I 'm going
to present this knowledge that is called mini
Water
now they have many games and it is very
well armed I like it a lot
Enough enough to record
here from now
for games that have blood game
skybox nexus that I like a lot
I am to him in whatever is not
I do not know what the software is about
neither the luck of a man
neither do I know what it was about
creative survival tenés sky block and
heurtel
the truth is that it is quite complete
this gentleman and within each game there
many maps are very well armed
such is quite large enough complex
but my idea is that we use this
server to play again because
you always have notice that we are going to
play or deny something whatever it is because the
Eurosocialists are preserved but
I like it a lot and in this
moment is very full because of what I saw in
total on the server now there were a thousand and
equally connected peak do not make me
solar love but I'll show you one of
the games that I like a lot
skywork would show them that it is very good
has a lot of new ones but now it's
very full I can not
so lexus
If the equipment does not improve if they are
complete why
I the first thing that I do in nexuses is to go to
a place where there are not many people
stay and look for minerals but first
I would like the comments to tell me
what do you think of the server for what
I'm showing and you can go
yourselves without judging it by
civil for that I'm going to leave you son of
bitch is that in the future the trees will
go
yes
maybe in the description of the video
along with my channels my social networks
are the ip of the server that never gets
I put and if you do not ask me conditions and
let him think and the version will notice them
who is a non-premium gentleman
so we can all play with 216 is
measure warning by my facebook the days
I play and the days I'm going to record
there are also six games by abertis as well
I'll call them in my Facebook
which always left the instruction the
video is a personal facebook is not a
facebook page I can then add
with me always when they do not come for
here barbarian because - a lot of doubles
I look for type that I stop of simply
I look good wave if you do not feel like
train good where with me if not
they want to get along
just do not necessarily not change
nothing
they will not be more capo by
d
this mine
as for leaving me the levels like this
I want to thank the new ones very much
subscribers because between yesterday and today
I had a lot of new subscribers that
they left me messages and so on etcetera
and good, thank you very much for the message and
for subscribing to the channel I suppose
that means they like the
videos inventions like should not
subscribe because they are our
meaning of a description during
no more fronts and do not subscribe because
I can not forget the currently my
videos I will subscribe prefers to have
the few subscribers and that are
assets with having millions of followers
and I do not know how to live like smoothies kisses
you said tip salt and verse
power there are a lot of herbs in all
parts and utilities to finish what
they are as always I will leave you in the
discussion of the video my social networks
different channels because I have 3
Well I hope you like them and that
tell me
with me
it is not a lie
so girls